{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 5 pages -\
performance analysis on simulator - microarchitectural behavioure, branch prediction, \
if anaylysis of behavioure is good \
what kind of benchmarks you are going to study, what kind of simulator, \
\
Multithreding\
------------------------\
1. instruction level prallelism\
2. multicore lvl prlsm\
3. superscalar execution: ->\
\
Implications of SuperScalar Execution\
intruction fetch?\
	taken branches, multiple branches, partical cache lines\
instruction decode?\
simple for fixed length ISA, much harder for variable length\
\
pentium 4 excution pipeline\
->Trace cache is a series of instruction that we fetch one after another. in a pipln we fetch instrct, we end up with addresses ques,  there is a lot you are going to wrong. its probably wrong. in pwntium 4, a lot of reducance. 2 types of redncacy -> 16 instructions traceline, if 17 instrcutions loop, they do 16 instruction then add another 1 for new traceline,a dn waste 15 is wasted.\
GCC bracnh taken, not taken\
\
Branch Preiction -> dynalically predict the direction and target branceshe of brnches based on PC using BTB\
Decoder -> \
Trace Cache -> \
we only bring 2 instrcutions at a cycle, not 8\
pre-fetch instruction on mips is \
Execution pipeline\
\
why retire 3 micro ops per cycle? non superscalar, we fetch 1, retired 1: int 2 instrcutns fetch 2, retired 2; why the 6 fetch but reitring 3?\
\
Execution on MPEG4 Benchmarks @1 GHz\
it was too far to aggressively find instrctn lvl prlllsm. so pnti 4 perfrmd worse that ptntm 3\
Wave Pipelining -> i dont need  storage.  min delay, \
\
\
accuracy is a measure of simplicity. reg is easier, simplieir, accurate, faster\
Why memory scheduling is hard?\
Ans:  \
Memory depence speculation -> predict consumer-producer ralation. coz it more stable.\
Memory Renaming\
--------------------------------------\
simulator, if you dont get perfect result fine. but u have to find a \
stable connection between instrcution not the address.\
\
a lot of load do not have comnnection of store. \
\
}